good morning greets you once more sector
of bars of the project called new
generation of politicians or college
finds that it equals jalisco in this
video I'll show you the second
stage that deals with feeding
puppies if in this case we have
croquette that includes rice liver
cooked if you wonder why it looks
in this good way once you have
the rice and liver is liquefied to
have it in a liquid consistency and
can be properly mixed by the
croquette is proportionally go
important out there recommending was going to
start with this type of feeding
that the crux is the conservation of
envigado and the cooked rice I explain myself if
you will know what is rice and
liver you start once you are
known kwan reads if you go to
talk about this form of this is present
languages has created this box
the refunds to the pot in which
they were doing it like that and it's going to take you away
again mind grass them to avoid
that this food is undone to lose
since the puri is very delicate then
once liquidated the refunds to
the same pot where it came from should not go
watching and returns to serve it once
boil you enter either in boats or
I do not know where for a moment
you play conserve boats boats that
include a plastic bag you leave it
cool for a moment and once it
find cold do not integrate now if
the freezer to avoid that is your
own type of deterioration and that goes to
harm her in feeding
our puppies so you see the
case of my pets in this beginning
approximately at 25 days so
is the first the first implementation
of the new food
is with ground kibble and the formula
special milk for puppies out there
I have a diverse video that comes to me
following through my channel
YouTube can see it if they enter
to the world of videos on my channel yes and
later
I say that approximately some
seven days after I start that guy
of food are going to implement this
another may vary this may be about
seven days and about ten days depending
in how they see in it in the feces of
puppies in this case there may be
some situation that may come
in their evacuations are different go
until they release a bit of their
stomach then this let's avoid
to pass this type of situation
taking gradual changes that allow
the fed to avoid this kind of
situations and for this they have to be
in constant observance the puppies
to see how they are going how they are going
presenting that kind of change is not
once the first change is going after
of the 25 days and I tell them that the
first stage lasts from 1 to 10 days
approximately will start with this
other
and after this stage then now
that the puppies are going to be a little
bigger and they can be in a way
specific way each one is the
Liver the rice without the need for currency
Now for me it's more functional
be alone this way because you can
be a moment to control a little
more what is the amount that you are going to
provide each of the puppies
this will be a matter of which in a moment
given the values how many times a day and
what portion will you give to each puppy
so that you can have a yes yes in
this case let's give some two three
shots of this type of feeding if you
they still find the female in that
milk supply a lot will vary
depending on this type of situation to the
hypothesis that can be presented in
any case not good, it 's more than
nothing this video is aimed at
you know one of the ways of
the many forms that can be
implement feeding the puppies
so that they are properly
Knowing this information in a
At any given moment they can improve the way
that you give him this food
Diverse your mattresses that can
impact on what is healthy healthy
growth of them
Well, here I leave this
information that can be a criterion
illustrative to be implemented
you can improve or in a moment
given they can incorporate is some other
kind of food that can help them
better development for puppies
me in this case
I use this type of food and it's
in each one of you improve so that
can the puppies at any given moment
have a cut action percent what
It is your development
I retire not without first thanking you
reproduction of this life
later I will upload more capsules
more videos in which this can be
transmit some information to be seen
about the care that can take
our pets